Programming Language Used :- Java


Build Source Code :-
1. Import the source code in eclipse.
2. Make Sure the Class Path of the project is set to project CAN. You can do this by right clicking the project CAN. Click on Run->Run Configurations->'Classpath' tab->User Entries. 
3. User entries should include only project CAN.


Note :-
1. For the first peer, after you run, Please DON'T enter any options for the choices displayed. It is the first node.
2. You can enter options for Join, Leave, Insert, Search, View and Exit starting from second node.


Compile Source Code :-
1.Open the terminal.
2.Navigate to CAN project directory
3.Navigate to 'src' folder inside CAN directory.
4.Type command "javac */*/*/*.java" and press Enter. This will generate .class files.
5.Create a JAR file by following the steps as specified below.
6.Transfer this JAR file on other machine/s to run multiple clients.
7.On the same Terminal, navigate to 'src' directory.
8.Run makefile.


Running On other clients :-
1. Extract the JAR file to CAN directory.
2. Open Terminal and Navigate to CAN folder.
3. Type make all


Creating JAR file :-
1) Right click on project CAN.
2) Select Export.
3) Select Java Folder.
4) Select JAR file.
5) Click Next.
6) Under projects to export, Select only project 'CAN'. Make sure to check .classpath and .project under CAN.
7) Select the destination of export and Click Next.
9) Click Next on Java Packaging Options.
10) Under JAR Manifest Specification window, under Main class click Browse, select Client and click Ok.
11) Click on Finish.


Running the project :-
1) Run the project on first machine. It will display its global IP address. Please make sure you don't enter any options as it is the first node.
2) Run the project on other machine, enter 1 to select 'join'.
3) Enter the identifier of your choice and IP address of first machine. Hit Enter.
4) Join process will execute.
5) Enter option '5' to view peer info.
6) Perform insert, search and leave operations.





